<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="customization">
    <title>Customization</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>The iiRDS plugin can be customized to your specific requirements. The plugin provides the
            following ways of customization:</p>
        <ul id="ul_jqm_sqt_21c">
            <li>
                <p>DITA-OT Ant extension points</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>Java interface for metadata extraction and IRI generation</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>HTML5 DITA-OT build parameters</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <section id="section_npt_vrt_21c">
            <title>DITA-OT Ant extension points</title>
            <p>The iiRDS plugin provides the following extension points that use Ant targets:</p>
            <dl id="dl_agn_yrt_21c">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><codeph>iirds.extractMetadata.pre</codeph></dt>
                    <dd>Runs an Ant target after the DITA-OT preprocessing and before the iiRDS
                        metadata extraction.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><codeph>iirds.extractMetadata.post</codeph></dt>
                    <dd>Runs an Ant target after the iiRDS metadata extraction. Can be used to
                        access the <filepath>metadata.rdf</filepath> file.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><codeph>iirds.package.pre</codeph></dt>
                    <dd>Runs an Ant target after the HTML was built and before the iiRDS package is
                        generated.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>For details on adding ANT targets to extension points, see <xref
                    href="https://www.dita-ot.org/3.7/topics/plugin-antpreprocess" format="html"
                    scope="external"/>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_tjf_5b5_21c">
            <title>Java interfaces</title>
            <p>The iiRDS plugin provides the following Java interfaces:</p>
            <dl id="dl_rm1_3d5_21c">
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><codeph>IirdsMetadataHandler</codeph></dt>
                    <dd>Allows to implement project-specific metadata extraction for all RDF
                        resources from DITA content.</dd>
                </dlentry>
                <dlentry>
                    <dt><codeph>IRIHandler</codeph></dt>
                    <dd>Allows to implement project-specific IRI generation for all RDF
                        resources.</dd>
                </dlentry>
            </dl>
            <p>For details, see <xref keyref="customization_metadata_extraction"/> and  <xref
                    keyref="customization_IRI_handler"/>.</p>
        </section>
        <section id="section_s5l_dk5_21c">
            <title>HTML5 build parameters</title>
            <p>The iiRDS plugin extends the HTML5 transtype and supports the DITA-OT HTML5
                parameters. For example, you can add project-specific CSS, inject XML into the HTML5
                header element, or use custom XSLT. </p>
            <p>For an example, see <xref keyref="customization_html5_properties"/>.</p>
        </section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
