<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="generate_iirds_package">
    <title>Build and check an iiRDS package</title>
    <taskbody>
        <context>You can use the DITA-OT to build an iiRDS package for a DITA map or a single topic.
            The output directory will contain the generated iiRDS file with the extension
                <filepath>.iirds</filepath>.</context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the <filepath>bin</filepath> folder of your DITA-OT installation, open a
                    command-line client.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>In the command-line client, enter the <codeph>dita</codeph> command to
                    transform your DITA map or topic using the <codeph>iirds</codeph> transtype. </cmd>
                <info>
                    <p>Example: <codeph>dita --input myContent.ditamap --o out -f iirds</codeph></p>
                    <p>You can apply conditional filtering and use additional parameters as needed.
                    </p>
                </info>
                <stepresult>An iiRDS package with the following file name is created in the output
                    directory: <filepath>&lt;file_name_of_ditamap>.iirds</filepath>.</stepresult>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Verify that the iiRDS package contains the desired result: </cmd>
                <substeps>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>Use your ZIP tool to extract the content from the iiRDS file. If
                            necessary, change the file extension to <filepath>.zip</filepath> first. </cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>In the subfolder <filepath>META-INF</filepath>, open the file
                                <filepath>metadata.rdf</filepath> and check if the iiRDS metadata
                            contains the expected values from your DITA content.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                    <substep>
                        <cmd>In the subfolder <filepath>content</filepath>, open the file
                                <filepath>index.html</filepath> in a browser and check whether the
                            HTML content is as expected.</cmd>
                    </substep>
                </substeps>
                <info>If the iiRDS package does not contain the expected result, you can try one of
                    the following:<ul>
                        <li>If content is missing or you have unwanted content, check your
                            conditional processing attributes.</li>
                        <li>If the iiRDS metadata is not what you expected, check the metadata
                            mapping topic to find out why. In case you need a different outcome, you
                            need to customize the metadata extraction.</li>
                        <li>If your HTML does not look the way you want, try to use the properties
                            of the HTML5 transformation.</li>
                    </ul></info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <result>
            <note id="note_yv5_gkd_b1c" type="tip">Integrate the configured transformation into your
                editor of choice. </note>
            <note type="tip" id="note_mwv_jf2_b1c">Use the <xref href="https://www.iirds.org/tools/validation-tool" format="html" scope="external">iiRDS Validation Tool</xref> to check the integrity of the
                generated iiRDS package. </note>
        </result>
    </taskbody>
    <related-links>
        <link keyref="metadata_extraction"/>
        <link keyref="customization_metadata_extraction"/>
        <link keyref="customization_html5_properties"/>
    </related-links>
</task>
