<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="iirds-plugin-introduction">
    <title>Introduction</title>
    <body>
        <p>The plugin <term>org.iirds.dita.package</term> for the DITA Open Toolkit (DITA-OT)
            generates iiRDS packages from a DITA map or a single topic. </p>
        <lq>iiRDS is a standard for the delivery of intelligent information in the scope of user
            assistance for products. The information is provided with the product for the purpose of
            assisting the users in setting up, operating, and maintaining the product. Intelligent
            information is defined as technical documentation content enriched with metadata.
                <p>iiRDS consists of:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>A vocabulary for the metadata provided with the content. The vocabulary is
                    specialized for and restricted to the domain of technical documentation or user
                    assistance. iiRDS uses an RDF schema as technical format. RDF stands for
                    Resource Description Framework and is a standard model for data interchange on
                    the Web. </li>
                <li>A package format for the exchange of packages with intelligent information
                    between different systems, for example, web portals or content delivery servers.
                    The package format uses ZIP and has a predefined folder structure for content
                    and metadata in RDF format. </li>
            </ul><p> For details about the iiRDS standard, see <xref href="https://www.iirds.org"
                    format="html" scope="external"/></p></lq>
        <p>To create iiRDS packages from DITA, this plugin uses a predefined mapping of DITA
            elements and attributes to iiRDS classes and properties, see <xref
                keyref="metadata_extraction"/>.</p>
        <p>The plugin has the following basic characteristics:</p>
        <p>
            <ul id="ul_ds5_vrv_11c">
                <li>Based on DITA 1.3</li>
                <li>Supports DITA content in XML format.</li>
                <li>Provides the new transformation type <codeph>iirds</codeph>.</li>
                <li>Extends the HTML5 plugin. </li>
                <li>Parameters of the HTML5 transformation can be used to integrate custom HTML
                    formatting.</li>
                <li>Resulting iiRDS packages conform to version 1.2, unrestricted, of the iiRDS
                    standard.</li>
                <li>iiRDS metadata is generated based on default metadata elements and attributes in
                    DITA.</li>
            </ul>
        </p>
        <p>The plugin uses extension points provided by the DITA-OT to implement its functionality.
            Custom parameters and new extension points are provided that can be used to further
            customize the functionality of this plugin. </p>
        <note id="note_e2x_zsv_11c">DITA 2.0 content, including lightweight DITA in other formats
            than XML, are not yet supported. Transformations of such content may still work, but
            this is not guaranteed.</note>
    </body>
</topic>
