<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="metadata_handler_behavior">
    <title>Behavior of the default metadata handler</title>
    <conbody>

        <p>If an iiRDS package generated from DITA content does not contain the expected metadata,
            note the following about the behavior of the metadata handler in the iiRDS plugin:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>The metadata handler extracts the metadata that is present in the preprocessed XML.
                The DITA standard defines which metadata is propagated from maps to topics or gets
                inherited from parent topics. The DITA standard also defines whether multiple values
                for the same metadata element or attribute are merged into a single value or whether
                multiple values can be aggregated in a topic. To change this behavior, implement a
                custom metadata handler.</li>
            <li>The metadata handler processes attribute values as they come. If you use a
                subjectscheme map to control attribute values and this subjectscheme map contains
                navigation titles with verbose labels for the attribute values, then the resulting
                RDF will only contain the attribute value. Example: A subject scheme defines the
                value "product-a" for the @product attribute. "product-a" corresponds to the product
                Name "Awesome Product". The RDF will contain an instance of <codeph>iiRDS:Product =
                    "product-a"</codeph>. To change this behavior, implement a custom metadata
                handler.</li>
            <li>Metadata values are often language-dependent. Which product name are usually the
                same in any language, metadata such as component names or user roles differ from
                language to language. The plugin has no way of knowing the component "engine" (EN)
                is the same as the component "Motor" (DE). Therefore, the metadata entries for this
                component differ in the English and the German iiRDS package even if they mean the
                same object in the real world. If you need to have the same iiRDS metadata values
                across languages, you either need to use controlled metadata values in the same
                language or implement a custom metadata handler that performs an additional
                processing step during which the values are mapped and harmonized.</li>
        </ul>
        <section>To find out how a custom metadata handler can be used with the iiRDS plugin, see
                <xref keyref="customization_metadata_extraction"/>.</section>
    </conbody>
</concept>
