<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="unique-identifiers">
    <title>Unique identifiers</title>
    <conbody>
        <p>To exchange metadata between different systems and map content from one source or
            language to content from a different source or language, stable and unique identifiers
            are required. In iiRDS, topics with different metadata or content must have different
            unique identifiers. </p>
        <p>iiRDS metadata is provided as RDF, which uses Internationalized Resource Identifiers
            (IRIs), the internationalized form of <xref href="https://www.ietf.org/rfc/rfc2396.txt"
                format="html" scope="external">Uniform Resource Identifiers (URIs)</xref>. DITA does
            not use IRIs so that unique and stable IRIs have to be derived from the DITA content.
            Because topic IDs are not unique in all contexts, they cannot be used as IRIs on their
            own. For example, the same topic may have a different content after conditional
            filtering has been applied. Therefore, iiRDS topics that are generated from the same
            source but with different conditional filters, require different IRIs. </p>
        <p>The following mechanisms apply:</p>
        <ul>
            <li>
                <p>The IRI of each <codeph>iirds:Topic</codeph> is consists of the
                        <codeph>@id</codeph> value of the topic and a hash of the content. The hash
                    is generated after preprocessing and before rendering. The hash is stable so
                    that the same value is generated with each call of the iiRDS transformation,
                    provided that the topic content has not changed.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>The IRI of the <codeph>iirds:Document</codeph> consists of the
                        <codeph>@id</codeph> value of the DITA map and a hash of the content. The
                    hash is generated after preprocessing and before rendering. The hash is stable
                    so that the same value is generated any with each call of the iiRDS
                    transformation, provided that the map content has not changed.</p>
                <p>If a DITA map has no <codeph>@id</codeph> value, then a UUID is generated and
                    used as the IRI of the <codeph>iirds:Document</codeph>. This UUID is not
                    identical with each call of the iiRDS transformation.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>For each <codeph>iirds:InformationUnit</codeph>, an
                        <codeph>iirds:InformationObject</codeph> is created. This
                        <codeph>iirds:InformationObject</codeph> has an IRI, which is derived from
                    the topic ID. All information units with the same <codeph>@id</codeph> value in
                    DITA have the same <codeph>iirds:is-version-of</codeph> property that refers to
                    this information object.</p>
            </li>
            <li>
                <p>The IRI of the <codeph>iirds:Package</codeph> is a generated UUID.</p>
            </li>
        </ul>
        <p>In addition to this default behavior, the iiRDS plugin provides an extension point that
            allows to implement other mechanisms for assigning IRIs, for example, to include an
            additional lookup from other data sources or specialized attributes.</p>
    </conbody>
    <related-links>
        <link keyref="customization_handlers"/>
    </related-links>
</concept>
